
---

I remember clearly when I started my website and how hard it was to build it from scratch - plain html,css,javascripts. It took me almost a month to get the desired design. Sure at the end it was eyecandy, but managing more than 300 pages everyday became really exhausting job. In the same time my website was hosted by "free webhosting provider" - no names please, and the more famous my website became the longer the downtimes was. After two months decided to move my website in wordpress.com, the conversion was easy - less than five hours for the posts and design. I was getting enormous spam comments and there was a time when I was not able to decide does the particular comment is really spam or not.

You may ask me "but why have you leaved wordpress", will tell you that my account was compromissed somehow and I am still waiting response from the wordpress "support". Their log-in page is using SSL, so the chance someone to know my 15 characters long and complex password was so small.

Never mind, used wordpress.com for about a month and since my account was compromised went using octopress. It was june 16 when one yotube guy named Rafael told me about custom dns and I done some research and found GitHub which provides free hosting for projects,websites and source codes. Two days later I learnt how to deploy a website with GitHub and started to use Octopress for while - around a month to be more precise.

Everything was fine until I changed my distribution to Arch. Octopress wants ruby version 1.9.3, but arch is using 2.0, so had to install rbenv in order to download ruby 1.9.3. And from here my worst nightmare came true, the bloody rbenv conflicted ruby 2.0 and my computer was not able to use X anymore - thanks to " Links " - the terminal browser I was able to surf the internet without X and found that rbenv was in conflict with my ruby 2.0

Since I removed rbenv and rebooted my computer I was surprised to see that X was up and running, had to seek another way to perform "bundle install" without rbenv - spent almost a hour in the search engines without success. " The less you depend on something the better ". Later copied the octopress index page,css and converted these things to static html. Re-writed manually some of my posts, but maintaining "archives,main pages, page 2, rss, sitemap" was exhausting job - if I change a single letter to my index page, then I have to do this again with all these pages. I was confident that unless I find some proper non php nor databased requiring CMS I will not switch from that plain html.

 Yesterday I was searching for raspberry pi python codes and found http://magnatecha.com/static-sites-for-fun-and-savings/ , where I was surprised to see that this website owner created an static blog generator based on python. Converted my posts again and started to use blogpy in less than a hour. " The simple things are also the most extraordinary things ". I really liked the fact that I don't have to manually change every single file that depends on some other, all I have to do right now with blogpy is: create a new empty file in folder "md" and start writing my posts, place the images in "img" folder.

Once I finish with everything I just simply run "python2 build.py" and every single file that needs to include my last post or something is changed, blogpy commits these things to all files that require changes - it's more smarter than you think. I can write & publish my posts almost 20 times faster than a plain html with it. Finally I found something that works the best for me, and I am also glad that know what it takes to manage a huge and small website with a lot and less content - using different platforms, hosting providers and so forth.

Hats off to autotravis, he did amazing job with blogpy - many thanks !
